chore: dfx copy updates (#586)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/cli-reference/dfx-build.adoc

|===
|Flag |Description

|`+--check+` |Builds canisters using a temporary, hard-coded, locally-defined canister identifier for testing that your program compiles without connecting to the {platform}.

|`+-h+`, `+--help+` |Displays usage information.

> 

Reviewer: There is only one Internet Computer, therefore, in line 42, you probably want to mention that you can either deploy to the local canister execution environment (what <network> do we need to specify for that?) or the Internet Computer blockchain `ic`. External readers can't use testnets, so specifying additional environments will only confuse them...

Building a specific canister is useful when you have multiple canisters defined in the dfx.json file, but want to test and debug operations for canisters independently.

> To test whether a canister compiles without connecting to a public or local {platform}, you would run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test whether a canister compiles without connecting to the Internet Computer blockchain or the local canister execution environment, you would run the following command:
```
